README.md, before:

# TTrack (TimeTracker)

## Disclaimer

These are my very first lines of Ruby, and this is purely meant to be a make-your-feet-wet
project, so clone this stuff only if you want to read some very ugly Ruby code

## What I ask to TimeTracker

I want to write a very simple piece of software that lets me easily keep track of time spent
on given issues. Once it works from CLI, a bonus could be to have an easy way to sync this
timesheets to some external PM software like Redmine via REST APIs

## How to use

Install TTrack

    $ gem install ttrack

Initialize sqlite3 db (defualted to $HOME/.timetrackerdb)

    $ ttrack
    $ ls ~/.timetrackerdb

Start tracking an issue

    $ ttrack start my_issue "my notes between quotes"

Works without "start" command too (unless my_issue is a command)

    $ ttrack my_issue "my notes between quotes"

Check current tracked issue's status / time tracked

    $ ttrack status

Check current or previous issue's time tracked

    $ ttrack status my_old_issue

Stop tracking...

    $ ttrack stop

... or just start tracking a new issue, previous will be stopped automatically

    $ ttrack start my_new_issue

Get a list of tracked issues

    $ ttrack report

Get a report for a particular issue name

    $ ttrack report my_issue

Edit start and/or stop time for a given issue *number* (use UTC timestamps)

    $ ttrack report
    $ ttrack beguin <issue_number> 2011-01-01 00:00
    $ ttrack end <issue_number> 2011-01-02 00:00:59

Commit message:

Refactor to have new TTrack interface  - Stdout printing now handled by ttrack bin  - TTrack responds with proper data so can be used as a lib  - added a few unit tests

README.md, after:

# TTrack (TimeTracker)

## Disclaimer

These are my very first lines of Ruby, and this is purely meant to be a make-your-feet-wet
project, so clone this stuff only if you want to read some very ugly Ruby code

## What I ask to TimeTracker

I want to write a very simple piece of software that lets me easily keep track of time spent
on given issues. Once it works from CLI, a bonus could be to have an easy way to sync this
timesheets to some external PM software like Redmine via REST APIs

## How to use

Install TTrack

    $ gem install ttrack

Initialize sqlite3 db (defualted to $HOME/.timetrackerdb)

    $ ttrack
    $ ls ~/.timetrackerdb

Start tracking an issue (with optional notes if needed)

    $ ttrack start my_issue "my notes between quotes"

Check current tracked issue's status / time tracked

    $ ttrack status

Check current or previous issue's time tracked

    $ ttrack status my_old_issue

Stop tracking...

    $ ttrack stop

... or just start tracking a new issue, previous will be stopped automatically

    $ ttrack start my_new_issue

Get a list of tracked issues

    $ ttrack report

Get a report for a particular issue name

    $ ttrack report my_issue

Edit start and/or stop time for a given issue *number* (use UTC timestamps)

    $ ttrack report
    $ ttrack begin <issue_number> 2011-01-01 00:00
    $ ttrack end <issue_number> 2011-01-02 00:00:59
